Integration dev documentation added (#5)
kontent-ai/kontent-ai.github.io: docs/articles/Custom-elements.md

# Custom Elements in Kontent.ai
A Custom element is essentially a small HTML application that exists in a sandboxed `<iframe>` and interacts with [Kontent.ai](https://kontent.ai/) via the [Custom Elements API](https://kontent.ai/learn/reference/custom-elements-js-api). Their main purpose is to extend the content editing experience of your editors. 

> Read [our dedicated tutorial](./New-Custom-Element.md) on how to create a custom element for Kontent.ai.

Reviewer: Remove
```suggestion
```

> Also, have a look at the general overview of [deploying custom elements to Kontent.ai](https://kontent.ai/learn/tutorials/develop-apps/integrate/content-editing-extensions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a look at the general overview of [deploying custom elements to Kontent.ai](https://kontent.ai/learn/tutorials/develop-apps/integrate/content-editing-extensions).

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Check out our [**Integration Template repository**](https://github.com/kontent-ai/custom-element-template-react) to jumpstart your Custom Element creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [**Custom element Template repository**](https://github.com/kontent-ai/custom-element-template-react) to jumpstart your Custom Element creation.

```

## Styling your custom elements

By including [custom element styles](../examples/custom-element-sample-css/styles.css) and [icons](../examples/custom-element-sample-css/kontent-ai-icons-v3.0.1.woff2), you can make your custom element look more like rest of the Kontent.ai Application UI.

> Feel free to check out the provided styles [in action](https://kontent-ai.github.io/examples/custom-element-sample-css/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to check out the [design of the provided styles](https://kontent-ai.github.io/examples/custom-element-sample-css/). 
```
